---
title: 'Drop Saw Privacy Policy'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

_Last updated_: July 16th, 2025

Peter Witham built the Drop Saw app. This app is provided by Peter Witham and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use my Service.

If you choose to use the app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service.

I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Information Collection and Use

For a better experience while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

## Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my app, in a case of an error in the app, I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the app configuration when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

## Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2025-07-16

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me. This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator.
